Make default security model none on MacOS (#16261)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-machine-init.1.md

The 9p security model [determines] https://wiki.qemu.org/Documentation/9psetup#Starting_the_Guest_directly
if and how the 9p filesystem translates some filesystem operations before
actual storage on the host.

In order to allow symlinks to work, on MacOS the default security model is

>  *none*, while on the other platforms being *mapped-xattr*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *none*, while on other platforms the default is *mapped-xattr*.
```
